Instructions for server side installations

1) install django   
   visit https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.8/topics/install/ for detailed instructions 

2) move to Extractor directory in source folder .

3) Open the project named assembly in Extractor folder in source directory in Mono - develop and run the project 

	the output file will be generated in the directory of your project

			OR

3) use Program.cs file to get function list in json format in csharp.
   
   It is advisible to use Mono - develop for easy and reliable use of the program.

   NOte : make sure you use proper class names as per your project name in csharp IDE you are using. The program uses "assembly" as project name
          make sure to add external dll file Newtonsoft.Json.dll in your project. 
          for mono-develop use the following instructions : 
		-> In your project there should be a folder called References. Right click it and choose edit references. 
		-> Then check the box next to the package you want to add


  the output file will be generated in the directory of your project

  Or use final_csharp.json . It is the json file for csharp function signatures that we require

4) use Reflect.java program to get function list in json format in java

   NOTE: make sure you use proper class names and package names in java IDE you are using. The program is using project name "Refletion" and 
	 package name "Reflection" and class name "reflect"
	 configure the outpt path in your respective IDE you are using for java 
	 add the two jar files json-simple-1.1.1.jar and bcel-5.2.jar to your project

  It is advisable to use eclipse for easy use
 
  Following are instructions for eclipse IDE 
   1) create a java project by name "reflection"
   2) rename the present package as "reflection"
   3) add a class by right clicking on your project name and name it "reflect"
   4) set your output path by using the following path in project
	run -> run configurations -> Common 
   5) add external jars use :
	project -> properties -> Java Build Path -> Libraries -> Add external JARs
   6) use program "Reflect.java" to get the desired output

			OR

4) use output.txt file in Extractor directory in source . It contains the json data for java as we require

